---
title: "100-per-cent electric, 100-per-cent GTI: Volkswagen presents the all-new electric ID. Polo GTI"
url: "https://www.volkswagen-newsroom.com/en/press-releases/100-per-cent-electric-100-per-cent-gti-volkswagen-presents-the-allnew-electric-id-polo-gti-20375"
date: "2026-05-15"
author: ""
feed_url: "https://www.volkswagen-newsroom.com/en/feeds/press-releases"
---
The GTI for a new era: 50 years after the debut of the first GTI, Volkswagen is now presenting the first all-electric model with the world-famous badge – the completely newly developed ID. Polo GTI with an output of 166 kW (226 PS). It is a powerful and highly agile compact sports car that passes the 100 km/h mark from a standstill in 6.8 seconds – but at the same time is suitable for everyday driving. Like with the first GTI in 1976, the drive power of the new ID. Polo GTI is also transferred to the wheels via the front axle – a maximum of 290 Newton-metres that is available at lightning speed. This power is perfectly proportioned thanks to the electronically controlled front differential lock equipped as standard. The world premiere of the ID. Polo GTI took place today, Friday, at the 24h race at the Nürburgring. Pre-sales are scheduled to start in Germany this autumn at a price of just under 39,000 euros. Read on Consumption data: ID. Polo GTI - Near-production concept vehicle. The model is not yet available for sale. Preliminary forecast values: Combined power consumption 16.4-14.4 kWh/100 km; combined CO2 emissions 0 g/km; CO2 class: A. /// All equipment specifications and prices refer to the German market. There may be differences for other countries. /// ID. Polo GTI - Near-production concept vehicle. The model is not yet available for sale. Preliminary forecast values: Combined power consumption 16.4-14.4 kWh/100 km; combined CO2 emissions 0 g/km; CO2 class: A.
